{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww26020\viewh19900\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0        
\b\fs48 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \{ long-running themes : to do \}
\b0\fs24 \
\
long-running themes\
\
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - \
\
\
\'97 
\b 2016
\b0 1112 edition :) \
	- To learn : \
		- Mapping :\
			- Concepts : \
				- Projections \
				- Geo data files\
			- Geo data sources : \
			\'bf\'a0Questions : \
				- Where to get background map imagery.\
				- \
			- Tools : \
				- QGIS\
				- Mapbox \
				- CartoDB \
			- JS Libraries \
		- Data science : \
			- Tools : \
				- Open refine\
			- Python\
				- Pandas\
				- Seabourne? \
				- Flask\
			- \
			\
		- Responsive design\
		- Server side stuff\
	- To play ( related to the above ) : \
		- Yeah, experiment with the above :) \
	- To contact : \
	- To apply for work : \
		- Potsdam\
		- Vizzuality \
		- Put up that For Hire sign\'85\'a0\
\
\
\
-    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   \
\
\

\b \'97 
\b0 daily workings:\
	- quantify self the time you spend on:\
		- creating visual / interactive things\
		- researching\
		- writing thesis\
		- promoting yourself\
		- procrastinating\
		( ...and hunting health + housing )\
	- as a follow-up to the above: \
		-->   do what you're missing / not doing\
		-->   daily reflection on what happened?\
		\'bf THESIS ?\
		\
\
-    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   \
\
\

\b \'97 
\b0 thesis\
	- plan about how to make a plan\
		- set aside some time to make a plan? \
		( - subdivision approach - start big, narrow down? )\
	- what would a plan look like? \
		- outline the different sections?\
	- think of what to do if one runs into tricky situations again\
		- try follow the plan? \
\
	- think of how the thesis planning relates to \
		self reflection, \
		how one feels in different situations,\
		getting things done.\
\
\
-    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   \
\
\

\b \'97 
\b0 opportunities:\
	- dream large! keep your eyes open for what's out there.\
		- map out who's doing things!\
		( office for creative inquiry ? )\
	- website: add more written descriptions of your work!\
		- eg. of the 2d windtracing work ( such that NASA might enjoy it a bit more ;) \
\
\
\
-    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   \
\
\
\

\b \'97 
\b0 neuropsychology:\
	- develop flowchart of what to do when one's gone down\
	blind alleys mentally?!\
	( and remember, at first one has to make a conscious effort to look at the flowchart,\
	to get going again, later the behaviour will hopefully become automatic ).\
\
	- insula / - amygdola\
	( insula - flowcontrol )\
	( amygdola - awareness system )\
	how focusing on something - like the body - prevents \
	other signals from coming in. \
		- research research research!\
\
	- 
\b idea
\b0  for focusing software\
		- reminds you every so many minutes,\
		asks how you are. \
			- ( - do you know where you're going? )\
			- shows you some ambient graphic\
			( positive reinforcement? ) \
\
\
\
-    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   \
\
\

\b \'97 
\b0 website:\
	- develop subsections?!\
	- link to the spatiotemporal animations ?!!\
\
\
-    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   \
\
\
- fix the notes on your aboutMe pages? \
	- also social media icons/links please! \
\
\
-    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   \
\
\
infovis learning:\
	- check the visual analytics material \
	- check the stanford course materials \
		and see whether there are themes \
		that you've not picked up on!\
	- check the munzner material! \
	( try find some other infovis teachings? statko? ) \
	- CHECK psychology and cognitive science related to information absorption\
		- check IQ tests\
\
\
-    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   \
\
\
information use learning:\
	- TRACK what's being done in terms of new data use. \
	PARTICULARLY by the datajournalists and digital humanities. \
		- check the programming skills needed for journalists\
	- do open data vis projects!\
\
\
-    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   \
\
\
remember how to feel happy and/or focused	\
	- small multiples ( er\'85 small steps - condition yourself! )\
\
\
-    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   \
\
\
web prg learning:\
	( check out and make notes on layouts in D3 )\
	- check out node/express from Learning Node.pdf\
	- check out django! \
\
\
\
-    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   -    -   \
}