{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;\f4\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-BoldMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;\red154\green154\blue154;\red237\green237\blue237;
\red19\green19\blue19;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15200\viewh18340\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf0 \
\
\{ 
\b javascript data fetching
\b0  learning\'85 
\fs40 incl. php, sql, mongo? 
\fs48 \} 
\fs24 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\fs38 \cf0 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~\
( started 2014.04.11 )\
\
\
learning resources?\
\'97\'97\'97\

\fs28  - O\'92Reilly Programming Javascript Applications\
 	- rest interfaces\
	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://chimera.labs.oreilly.com/books/1234000000262/ch01.html#json_data_storage_and_communication"}}{\fldrslt http://chimera.labs.oreilly.com/books/1234000000262/ch01.html#restful_json_web_services}}\
- Tutorials point AJAX tutorial:\
	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.tutorialspoint.com/ajax/index.htm"}}{\fldrslt http://www.tutorialspoint.com/ajax/index.htm}}\
- Tutorials point php and mysql tutorials:\
	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.tutorialspoint.com/php/php_and_mysql.htm"}}{\fldrslt http://www.tutorialspoint.com/php/php_and_mysql.htm}}\
\

\fs38 \
what sorts of js methods are there for fetching data? \
\'97\'97\'97\

\fs28  - advice\'85
\fs38 \
\
\
\
\
php methods for returning data? \
\'97\'97\'97\

\fs28  - advice\'85\
\

\fs38 \
get & post data -> php script\
\'97\'97\'97\

\fs28 \
\

\fs38 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b\fs32 \cf0 Restful interfaces 
\fs28 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0  - O\'92Reilly Programming Javascript Applications - rest interfaces:\
 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://chimera.labs.oreilly.com/books/1234000000262/ch01.html#json_data_storage_and_communication"}}{\fldrslt http://chimera.labs.oreilly.com/books/1234000000262/ch01.html#restful_json_web_services}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440

\f1\i\fs28 \cf2  The server manages data resources (such as user records). It does not implement the user interface (look and feel). Clients are free to implement the UI (or not) in whatever manner or language is desired. REST architecture does not address how user interfaces are implemented. It only deals with maintaining application state between the client and the server.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1
\cf2 RESTful web services use HTTP verbs to tell the server what action the client intends. The actions supported are:\
\'95 
\b HTTP POST 
\b0 : 
\b Create a new entry
\b0  in the resource collection: .\
\'95 
\b HTTP GET
\b0  verb : 
\b Retrieve
\b0  a resource representation: .\
\'95 
\b HTTP PUT
\b0  : 
\b Update
\b0  (
\b Replace
\b0 ) the resource: .\
\'95 
\b HTTP DELETE 
\b0 :  Delete a resource: .
\f2\i0 \cf2 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b\fs32 \cf0 GET Method\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 ( {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.tutorialspoint.com/php/php_get_post.htm"}}{\fldrslt http://www.tutorialspoint.com/php/php_get_post.htm}} ) 
\fs28 \
The variables are sent encoded in the URL.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 - Name/Value pairs
\b0  are joined by an equals [
\i =
\i0 ] sign, and separated by an et sign [
\i &
\i0 ] eg:\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 name1=value1&name2=value2&name3=value3
\i0\fs38 \
\

\fs28 - The 
\b name/value pair separation form the url
\b0  happens using a [
\i ?
\i0 ] eg.\

\i test.com/index.html?name1=value1&name2=value2&name3=value3
\i0\fs38 \
\

\fs28 - Length restriction on url = 1024 characters\
- The url is plainly visible, so don\'92t send sensitive information using it ;) \
- GET
\b  can\'92t be used for binary data sending.\

\b0 - GET data can be accessed by the
\b  
\i QUERY_STRING
\i0  environment variable.\

\b0 - PHP provides a 
\i\b $_GET 
\i0 associative array to access all the sent information
\b0  using GET.
\fs38 \
\

\fs28 Example code:\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trcbpat4 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \trpadl100 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth10800\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720

\f3\fs24 \cf0 <?php\
  if( $_GET["name"] || $_GET["age"] )\
  \{\
     echo "Welcome ". $_GET['name']. "<br />";\
     echo "You are ". $_GET['age']. " years old.";\
     exit();\
  \}\
?>\
<html>\
<body>\
  <form action="<?php 
\f4\b $_PHP_SELF
\f3\b0  ?>" method="GET">\
  Name: <input type="text" name="name" />\
  Age: <input type="text" name="age" />\
  <input type="submit" />\
  </form>\
</body>\
</html>\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs38 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440

\f2\i\fs28 \cf5 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\i0\b\fs32 \cf0 POST Method\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 ( {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.tutorialspoint.com/php/php_get_post.htm"}}{\fldrslt http://www.tutorialspoint.com/php/php_get_post.htm}} ) 
\fs28 \
Transfers information via HTTP headers. The information is encoded as described with the GET method and put in a header called QUERY STRING\
- POST doesn\'92t have a restriction as to the length of the information sent\
- POST can send ASCII as well as binary data\
- POST can also use https\
- POST provide a $_POST associative array for the submitted values/information
\f2\i \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
// example code\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f3\fs24 \cf0 \cb4 <?php\
  if( $_POST["name"] || $_POST["age"] )\
  \{\
     echo "Welcome ". $_POST['name']. "<br />";\
     echo "You are ". $_POST['age']. " years old.";\
     exit();\
  \}\
?>\
<html>\
<body>\
  <form action="<?php 
\f4\b $_PHP_SELF
\f3\b0  ?>" method="POST">\
\
  Name: <input type="text" name="name" />\
  Age: <input type="text" name="age" />\
\
  <input type="submit" />\
  </form>\
</body>\
</html>\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440

\f2\i\fs28 \cf5 \cb1 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\i0\b\fs32 \cf0 REQUEST method\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 ( {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.tutorialspoint.com/php/php_get_post.htm"}}{\fldrslt http://www.tutorialspoint.com/php/php_get_post.htm}} ) 
\fs28 \
The $_REQUEST variable contains the content of both the $_GET and $_POST and $_COOKIE variables. \
This variable can be used for fetching data from both the $_GET and $_POST variables. \
\
The following code works\'85\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f3\fs24 \cf0 \cb4 <?php\
  if( $_REQUEST["name"] || $_REQUEST["age"] )\
  \{\
     echo "Welcome ". $_REQUEST['name']. "<br />";\
     echo "You are ". $_REQUEST['age']. " years old.";\
     exit();\
  \}\
?>\
<html>\
<body>\
  <form action="<?php 
\f4\b $_PHP_SELF
\f3\b0  ?>" method="POST">\
\
  Name: <input type="text" name="name" />\
  Age: <input type="text" name="age" />\
\
  <input type="submit" />\
  </form>\
</body>\
</html>\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f2\i\fs28 \cf5 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440
\cf5 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\

\f0\i0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
}